Document kind proxy behaviour (#424)
kubernetes-sigs/kind: site/content/docs/user/quick-start.md

- role: worker
```

### Configure kind to use a proxy

> If you are running kind in an environment that requires a proxy to connect outside you may need to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running kind in an environment that requires a proxy, you may need to configure kind to use it.
```

You can configure kind to use a proxy using the environment variables (uppercase takes precedence):

* HTTP_PROXY or http_proxy
* HTTPS_PROXY or https_proxy

> * NO_PROXY or no_proxy

Reviewer: It would probably be helpful to link to some sort of reference regarding what these usually mean and what their values look like. perhaps docker's docs.

Reviewer 2: maybe we can link to https://docs.docker.com/network/proxy/
